Welcome back my student in this lecture here or this section I'm going to show you how to build a pagination
system.
What's a pagination system.
Well I know most of you know where pagination system is but I'm going to show you right now.
So for example a search in Google and click on cars you can see this little number see here right.
This is a pagination system.
And we're going to create something very similar to that sense.
We have a lot of content.
Well I have a lot of content right here on home page and I really want to limit this page here maybe
like 10 posts instead of I don't know a hundred.
So tempos per page.
Every time if we click on the second page like we do here on Google it would take us to the next 10
results.
Right.
So this is going to be a pretty exciting really really cool section.
All right.
So let's go ahead and get it on with that.
All right so now
let me show you right here.
Let me just trust this and let's go to where we're going to be doing this.
It's going to be on in this array of course.
And what I want you to do is I want you to do is save us on these and it's because we might you might
make a mistake in the beginning and this is not a very simple thing that we are going to be doing is
actually the system's going to be pretty simple because it is simple but if you don't know it could
be a little hard to do in the beginning to understand the ball once you understand the super simple.
So let's do a save as on these and it's just going to save it to end it's underscore old.
Just in case we messed up right.
So of course.
Let's open up in this again and let's close down.
It's on the square old.
All right.
Just in case that's a little back up there that we have.
So how are we going to build this.
First of all I'm going to show you here and I know and show you there's another lecture's that we can
limit post right we can say limit and we can say limit to 3 right.
So if I come here to the home page you can see that I only have three pools available.
Right.
So this is something like we're going to be doing this dynamically though is going to be instead of
that three they're going to have a number variable.
All right.
So another way to use that I would be like this.
So if I say zero Colma 10.
All right you can guess what this is going to show me in the beginning here.
So enter I'm going to say 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10.
All right.
So this is going to show me 0 2 temples if I do 5.
Of course.
Look at this one two three four and five six seven a nine and 10.
Of course it's going to show me 10 because it's just showing me from five to 10.
But look at this.
Five one two three four and five.
All right.
So this is almost a symptom that we're going to be doing it and doing it in a different way.
So how are we going to do this.
First thing that we are going to be doing here is we need to find out how many polls we have.
All right.
So let's do a query up here.
All right and we want to do this outside the loop right because this count if I put the count inside
here is going to change things anyway.
So let's go ahead and create like Querrey to find out exactly how many points we have.
So I'm just going to set select pools where we weren't just going to see polls where we count.
All right.
And just going to say select
all phone polls.
Now we need to send in our query right.
I'm just going to copy this guy right here and place right here and now I could say something like.
Find another county right.
Find count.
This is the results right here.
So now we need to find the count so I'm just going to create a variable real quick and assign the function
my Eskew a lie.
No Rose is going to count how many rolls we have on that specific table right.
So on this resultset right here.
There we go.
Now we have the count.
All right.
But we need to put this there OK.
Make sure that you do that and you can verify you can just echo that count.
And find out that that's what we are doing right now of course I'm going to take this out a year because
I don't want to do anything with that now.
All right.
So anyway I'm going to cut this lecture short.
All right because I mean I you know I use some of the minutes here to explain to you what we were doing
and now we created this piece of code here and the next lecture we're going to continue building on
this.
And I want you to just copy everything that I have done.
All right don't just watch me do it.
And on the next lecture we'll continue.
All right so let's have some fun and see you in the next lecture